Improve description for yellow-colored runs (#232)
seqeralabs/nf-tower-docs: docs/monitoring/overview.md

  - **Blue** are running.
  - **Green** are successfully executed.
  - **Red** are jobs where at least one task fully failed.

>   - **Yellow** are successfully executed with at least a failed task that had ignore as error strategy.

Reviewer: You should then clarify that red status means the workflow had a "terminate" error strategy. Also I would leave the order as it was.

Author: Good points! Agreed.

>   - **Red** are jobs where at least one task fully failed and had terminate as error strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Yellow** are successfully executed where at least one task failed with an "ignore" error strategy.
  - **Red** are successfully executed where at least one task failed with a "terminate" error strategy.
```
